to find a dot of land not seen for
decades Turtles need to map magnetic
fields chart currents and tides and use
the angle of the Sun to navigate recent
research also suggests that she uses the
unique smell of the shore to guide her
home green turtles don't travel as far
as loggerheads but a thousand miles
isn't unusual all female turtles mate a
few weeks before they start nesting the
males are smaller than the females and
have long tails it's not only male
Turtles waiting offshore
tiger sharks know about turtle beach's -
not many sharks specialize in eating
turtles but sometimes sharks seem to get
a taste for it